Wasn't back to class everyone Mark Price you're at death's slopes dot.com and in this exciting video
we're going to learn a little bit about lists.
OK.
And some other things.
All right.
No big deal no big deal.
So we've got our body here and what I want to do is going to make the font size a little bit smaller
just so I can have small writing space and I'll make this a little bit smaller too.
So we can see a little bit better one size bigger.
OK.
So we've got our body.
We've got header here now like any Web site we want to have some links right to some of our courses.
So let's go ahead and create some links and we're going to do that using an unordered list.
OK.
And an order list just means that they're on order.
There's no need to be one two three four five is just a list.
OK.
And so inside of her on orderless we're going to have a series of list items like so.
And again it's important if you want to get this autocomplete that you need to use a tool here like
brackets if you're not already you some LOT of mistakes if you're writing it from scratch.
And just a text note a text pad or something.
And so we got a list item here.
And let's go ahead and put some things in it like let's say the home page.
OK.
And then let's do another list item and we're going to say about OK press command or control to the
right to go to the end of the line.
That's kind of cool.
Item courses.
OK.
All right.
So we've got some list items here we got some links but we can't even click on these links.
So what we want to do is make them clickable and we can do that using the a tag.
So so far we got a unordered list tag and a list item tag and we can actually have tags within tags
which is really cool.
Well you've already seen that though.
You go ahead and a title and a body in a header here.
So let's do another one called a K or an essay ref equals I don't put a pound sign in here and I'll
tell you about that in just a moment here.
OK so we've got home and what I can do is I can command X or control.
To cut that and paste are in there now if you notice this the whole text is clickable.
It's a link now.
OK.
And so the Tref is the destination your rule that you want to go to.
And I just put a pound here so I don't want it to go anywhere I want it to stay on this page because
we don't have other pages but if I did want to go somewhere I could say HEG P.S. Google dot com and
I save this and click on it.
OK.
It takes us to Google dot com.
Now that's not what we want.
And we lost our live preview.
We left the page.
So we will open that up again.
And I'm going to undo this.
Back to the pound sign.
So pretty good right.
So if you want to show a link something that's clickable you just go ahead and put the link tag here.
And then inside the tag and before the ending a tag we go ahead and put the word.
We put the word in there the link that you want to click.
Now I could not have I didn't put this link on the outside of the list item because I didn't want to
break the unordered list so I put it in here for a reason and we'll do the same thing here with all
of these.
OK.
I'm just going to copy this and paste it here and paste it here.
And we're going to change this to what they were before about.
Of course now we got this.
Now we have some nice links and if you're wondering well how do I get these links to show up like horizontally
and vertically.
Well we really can't do that without CSSA.
And so we're just doing pure HVM right now.
And so you're kind of seeing what web development was like in the very very beginning before we had
cool things like stylesheets that we could work with.
So we got a list here this is coming up.
Nice.
What about a nice line separating line to divide our page.
Let's work on that now.
Bait a line in our page a horizontal line by putting in the art tag like so.
And this is one of those tags that you can see right here that didn't need an ending for Slash.
OK.
And H.R. stands for horizontal rule and in as far as HDMI 4.0 and below that sort of meant for horizontal
rule whereas now it's more of a dramatic change in the page.
I know it's really a difference in semantics here.
Some things have changed between versions all but more or less this is what you get right out of the
box.
And if you want to stylus and things like that you do that all in C Ss which we're not doing right now.
So so far we've got a unordered list and we've got a series list items and you can have as many list
items inside your unordered list as you want.
Now we've got a nice little dividing line.
And so what we probably want next is a way to actually write some text on the page.
Okay.
And I want to do that under the rule here.
And what I want to do is use the paragraph tag another paragraph tag.
This lets you enter some text and has some basic formatting properties.
Do we need it to write text.
Actually no we don't.
See I'm typing here.
I could easily have taken it off and typed.
OK but we want the formatting that it gives us.
OK so we'll see.
And you know you didn't notice much of a difference if any at all.
Was there a difference.
I don't think there was no there's no difference really visually.
But you're going to want to make sure you always put your text inside of tags because there are formatting
things that you're going to want to do you don't ever want floating text or data that is not enclosed
inside of some type of tag.
OK.
Of slopes is the world's most effective and affordable platform to learn how to code.
So there's a nice little description.
OK.
You know it's not too bad.
What else.
Maybe we make it a little bit longer.
So we take practical real world experiences and bring them to you in a fun hands on environment.
There we go.
Make it two lines.
It's much better.
OK.
So cool.
That's just a paragraph tag.
And that's our Web site starting to come together.
It's really kind of cool actually.
We haven't done that much but with very simple tools we have actually started to build a web site so
what have you learned so far in this video we learned about unordered lists.
Can we put list items here you can also work with orderless.
But we'll talk about that a little bit later.
And we've also talked about the paragraph tag how you put text in it which is pretty cool.
We can do some other things too inside of here.
Like I can put an eye here for italic size and we can go ahead and paste text and there Hoopes I pay
too much.
The World's the world's most effective.
There you go.
I guess look on the page here that is now in italics which is pretty cool.
And then let's say we want to do the word fun.
I can put a tag for bold.
OK like so.
OK def slopes is the world's most effective and affordable platform to learn how to code.
We take practical real experiences and bring them to you in a fun hands on environment.
Just realize I haven't said any corny jokes in the last few videos and I am completely sorry.
Sorry for being so serious.
Because HTL is just such a serious serious thing.
So fun hands on about this is looking good.
We've learned a lot.
Let's go ahead and call this video done.
There's more to cover but not that much because HVM L is not that hard.
So let's go ahead and stop here and I'll see you next time our price at death slopes.
Dot.com.